my partners for this project are Rudy and Vasuki. 

Story for Vasuki's character: 
Orion’s description:

Most people have probably seen Orion in the sky. He’s one of the brightest, largest, and most visible constellations, especially in the winter. Orion was a famous hunter in Greek mythology. One day Orion proclaimed that he would kill every beast on Earth. The Earth goddess Gaia didn’t like this, and ordered a Giant scorpion to kill him. Eventually, Zeus placed him amongst the stars, along with the scorpion that killed him (which is why we have the Scorpio zodiac sign). 

Rudy's character was the corpse bride, so it follows that storyline. 

My character was called moon flower and this is the story i made up for it: 
Have you ever heard of a sunflower? The moonflower is the sunflower’s twin. Born only seconds after the sunflower, the moonflower follows the same tendencies, but toward the moon. If you’re lucky, on a cool, fall night, you might see the moonflower sitting in the middle of an opening in the trees, in the perfect place to watch the moon. 

I used the head from Orion, the body from moon flower, and the legs from corpse bride. most of the design process included figuring out how to make all of the shapes for each character. Orion's head ended up being more simple once i figured out how to make the stars. i made them by taking a circle and cutting out the star shape by using ellipses. it took a while to get the positioning right, but once i did i just added it to a function to place the rest of the stars. for the torso part of the body, i used a lot of rectangles with ellipse cutouts to do the neck, arms, and waist, since i drew the design with lots of long curves. the concept was simple but again, it just took time to do the positioning. i just added flowers as the hands to represent the moon flower aspect since that's not super visible in the rest of the torso. and it seemed like a simple way to get the idea of figers across. the skirt/lets were the easiest part because Rudy's sketch was made basic shapes anyways, so the plan was already disigned out, i just had to make it cohesive with the rest of the boddy which was pretty easy. 
All of the characters have a very night time vibe, so i wanted a way to let them shine at night. **** i set it with a white background and added the mousePressed() function so that when you click, the background turns black and you can see all the details of the character *****, like the star head, the dress, etc. this way, it's like the character takes on the characteristics of the the constellation, it's always there, but you can only actually see it in the dark. 

New background story: 
Star Flower: 
Star Flower was in love with Orion, the famous hunter. throughout her life, she wore beautiful, intricate flower dresses. one day, when she was wearing a moon flower dress, Orion noticed her walking to get her flowers for the next day's dress. he fell in love instantly and they spent the rest of their days together going out to fields and forests for Star Flower to gather flowers for the next day's dress while Orion hunted all the beasts on earth. Then one day, Gaia and Zeuse decided that Orion need to be stopped, as they wanted the animals on earth to live in symbiosis without his constant interferance and ego. They sent a scorpion to kill him and sent them both to the stars. Star Flower decided to join him in the stars as well, because she did not want to live without Orion, and thought that her next era of dress design could incorporate stars with her fabric instead of flowers. While she fell in love with being able to wear stars, she also kept her love of flowers, and still has moon flowers on her dresses today. Now, at night, the moon flowers of the world look up at her to admire the combinations of stars and flowers she presents to them each night. 


Reflection: 
this assignment really ended up being practice in making shapes more efficiently. i used a lot of the same shapes and concepts that i did in other assignments, but the code and process was made a lot simpler by the functions, which allowed me to add a lot more shapes into the picture without taking ages to finish. in retrospect, i think i should have used a function to make all the ellipses that i used in the body, but i didn't realize how many i would use until i was finished. 
it was also really fun to think about the story aspect, and think about how to give all the characters a new, combined, life. luckily enough, the characters Vasuki, Rudy, and I provided all had a nighttime theme in common, so it made it a little easier to think of a cohesive story for them all. i think that coming up with the story was the most fun part of this assignment. maybe it would have also been fun to make the stars twinkle, but i didn't figure that part out. 